{Spoken: Matthew Healy]
Come here, come here, come here, come here, come he... come here

*kisses Chris*

I like Chris, though. I like Chris. He's my (*chuckling*) friend. He's my friend

*sigh* Now, *shush*. Everyone shush. Fuck me, I'm gonna sit down. Can you all see...? I know some of you can't see me. How are you feeling? You feeling good?

Good. I am.... I feel like.. th-this obviously for me, for us, is incredibly special. I mean, there's a lot, there's a lot of people here. And... it blows our mind. And I think the... there's an element of me that wants to really, I dunno, preserve the purity of why we're here, 'cause you're all.... here for the..., you're all here to see our band. So you're all here for same reason, which is fucking cool. Loads of people in the same place for the same reason. And, umm.... And, I just think it's important that we're all here together for a little bit

I'm gonna stand up so you can see me so you can understand that I'm sincere when I say this

It's just that I feel.... And I don't say this a lot on tour, because I'm... I'm always on tour, we're always on tour. And I feel like I live my life like a fucking forum, like.... like I'm "Hey, I don't know that you feel that" and everything you do is subject to discussion and debate and you validate your experiences by documenting them and I'm just as bad as anybody as soon as I see anything that I find... beautiful or interesting or good. I just think, "Right, I need to.... get my fucking phone out and take a picture of that." So I really, I empathize on that feeling like, "You. Go there, now." I know what it's like

I don't... ohh, I didn't mean to shout you out at your little face. I'm so sorry

*chuckles* I.. but, but what I'm saying is that I do that as well, right? But let's just, for five minutes, look.... if we can get every person in here just to be a fucking person for five minutes.....

And that's not me being grumpy. I'm just saying, trust me, right? The memory, the visceral memory of the next three-and-a-half minutes will be better than a video on your iPhone

And if you want to film it, that's fine, but you're missing out

And let's play, "fallingforyou."

I need some more wine

[Verse 1]
What time you coming out?
We started losing light
I'll never make it right if you don't want me 'round
I'm so excited for the night
All we need is my bike and your enormeous house
You said some day we might
When I'm closer to your height, till then we'll knock around and see
If you're all I need

[Chorus]
Don't you see me, I
I think I'm falling, I'm falling for you
And don't you need me, I
I think I'm falling, I'm falling for you
On this night, and in this light
I think I'm falling (I think I'm falling), I'm falling for you
And maybe you, change your mind

[Verse 2]
I'm caught on your coat again
You said, "Oh no, it's fine"
I read between the lines and touched your leg again, again
I'll take it one day at a time
Soon, you will be mine, oh, but I want you now, I want you now
When the smoke is in your eyes, you look so alive
Do you fancy sitting down with me? Maybe
'Cos you're all I need

[Pre-Chorus]
According to your heart
My place is not deliberate
Feeling of your arms
I don't want to be your friend, I want to kiss your neck

[Chorus]
Don't you see me, I
I think I'm falling, I'm falling for you
And don't you need me, I
I think I'm falling, I'm falling for you
And on this night, and in this light
I think I'm falling, I'm falling for you
And maybe you, change your mind